---
layout: post
comments: false
title: "People Aren't Puzzels"
---

People aren't puzzels; that is to say, people can't be solved like puzzels.

Despite knowing this, it's what I've tried to do my whole life. And I shouldn't really use past tense there since I still try to solve people often. Gotta tell you though, it's exhausting, for all parties involved (at least eventually; for me immediately). 

I've thought a lot about whether or not to post about this since apparently when you tell potential employers that you have autism, they don't like it very much. Frankly though, this is a personal blog, so if you're a potential employer and you decide not to hire me because I'm autistic, bite me.

I have learned that this sort of puzzle solving behavior is know as **masking**. Not to brag or anything, but I'm like really good at masking. Only one person (besides me, and that I know of) ever thought I might be autistic. Thanks Jo. Not sure how my parents didn't figure this one out. Mom or Dad if you're reading this, it's okay, you're good parents by most metrics. Or at least the ones that count.

Something that sucks about masking is that it's habitual. Even as I'm writing this I have to stop myself from going back and changing too many things. I want this post to be authentic, since I myself want to be authentic. Authenticity might mean typos people, sorry! 

> Side Note: we learned about authenticity in my computer security class and it is like so cool. I won't go into it since you probably don't care, but if you're curious try googling "digital signatures" and/or "one-way hash functions".

I've had a really rough week. So much so that Friday I wore sweatpants to work. Both works! I went home between them and didn't even change. I did have some tea though. See I don't sleep very well, like hardly ever. Which is problematic because then I can't think, and I really like being able to think. Truthfully I don't even really like sweatpants. They're sweaty.

I guess since I'm being truthful, I'm like deeply lonely. And I think I have been for a long time. It's difficult for me to willingly express emotion, so sorry if things get confusing from here on. Initially, finding out I was autistic was euphoric, and I wanted to tell everyone. Then I realized that the label "autistic" isn't really even for me, it's only to try and get other people to understand me. I think I was euphoric because I thought that suddenly and finally people would understand. But labels aren't effective, and understanding takes effort, and people usually don't like effort.
